---
layout: post
title:  "Week Two"
date:   2016-09-06 12:23:36 -0500
---
#### What did you do this past week?

The last week in class we went over things we would need for our project like unit tests, optimizations, and the basics of python. All that was left to do was the actual project, which I have made progress on. Class last week wasn't particulary difficult since it was still introductory material, but I expect that to change soon. Keeping up with the readings has been a little tough mainly because of how much there is between this class and my other classes.
Most of the work that I've put in for this class has been for the project. As I thought, keeping track of the requirements is harder than the actual project. I also had issues getting TravisCI working, but once I figured those out it started coming together a lot quicker.

#### What's in your way?

Time management and organization. These seem to be what is slowing me down. I jumped on the project a little later than when I should have, and I pushed doing the reading till the last minute. But otherwise, the material being covered in class right now is still pretty clear.

#### What will you do next week?
Finish off the project immediately, then do the readings. I will also take a look at the schedule and organize when I should work on the projects better based on how the schedules from my other classes look. 


#### Tip Of The Week
I walked in on my non computer science roommates watching a documentary on alorithms and it was interesting to see them grapple with some of the things I learned in data structures and algorithms. It's on YouTube as well [here][1]

[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4d7fNjCQ4A
