---
layout: post
title:  "Week One"
date:   2016-08-29 17:21:57 -0500
---
#### What did you do this past week?

This week I started off my last year of college. I haven't done much; I've mainly been getting myself ready to start doing class related things again after the summer. Having fridays off is also going to be good this semester. 

In class we went over a few python basics and went over the requirements for the first project. While I know this is Professor Fraij's first time teaching this course, I took Algorithms with him and I'm sure this course will be good. 
The project we have now is based on the collatz conjecture. I've been holding off on starting this because this is very similar to the collatz project from the Object Oriented Programming course I took a few semesters ago. I spent a little bit of time setting up this blog.

#### What's in your way?

My immediate task is to organize everything I have to do better. Apart from my classroom courses, I have three online courses. These require a lot of self-discipline on my part when it comes to doing assignments and discussion posts, something which I've never been very good at. I also need to make sure I have everything set up correctly to start the first project.

#### What will you do next week?

I will start the first project. I feel like ensuring I meet all the project requirements will take up the most time, which is why I should start early. I will also have to work on my other coursework

#### Tip Of The Week
I read an interesting article over summer on how election machines could be hacked. If you haven't read it yet, you can check it out [here][1]

[1]: http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/08/2016-elections-russia-hack-how-to-hack-an-election-in-seven-minutes-214144
